{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi there! My name is Corinne\
I am taking the academy to enhance my design skills through the web. Gaining this knowledge will help me move on out of the publication world into the new age of technology. Im taking this class also to build my portfolio website and create multiple websites to showcase within it. I would also look to Betamore for some career counseling into finding a job that fits my interests and goals.\
Within this course I hope to learn the starting blocks of working towards building websites from the bottom up and have complete control over function, behavior, and design. I am really interested in learning the responsive side of websites as well as adjusting to a web grid structure vs print grid. CSS3 and Java really interests me in learning new ways to style and create interactive elements.\
\
http://letters-inc.jp\
I love how interactive the line design is moving within parallax scrolling. \
\
http://aquatilis.tv\
Im fascinated by this site and the work with video imagery. Also the \'93More\'94 tabs intrigue me and I wish to know what code goes into that.\
\
http://www.akita.co.uk/computing-history/\
This site Im intrigued by for I am interested in knowing how to work with anchors and pinned navigation that also is responsive\
\
http://www.themealings.com.au\
This site I am completely obsessed with. The portfolio slider displaying a bit of information about certain portfolio pieces is beautiful!\
How the type automatically center justifies when the mouse rollovers just BLOWS MY MIND its so elegant and simple. \
Also the parallax scroll on the home page with the MR and MRS is very smooth and it makes the viewers eye follow to its focal point. }